CDK deploy rollup review and updates (#233)
0xPolygon/polygon-docs: docs/cdk/get-started/deploy-rollup/configure-node-deployment.md

## Update node config

Add the following missing parameters to the `~/zkevm/mainnet/config/environments/mainnet/public.node.config.toml` file.

!!! warning

>     - You may find this file is called `node.config.toml` only.
>     - Rename the file from `node.config.toml` to `public.node.config.toml` if necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you're having trouble locating the configuration file, try looking for `node.config.toml`, since it may exist under that name in some cases. Once you've added the missing parameters, rename the file to `public.node.config.toml`.
```

Reviewer: Suggest rephrasing for clarity
